feat(web,web-react): introduce startAddon and endAddon props on TextField #DS-2549 (#2648)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web-react/src/components/InputAddon/README.md

Do **not** use `elementType="label"` when the addon wraps a `<button>` or `<a>`.

## Size Source and Precedence

InputAddon resolves `size` in this order:

1. direct `size` prop on InputAddon
2. `size` from parent `PropsProvider` context (e.g. from TextFieldBase)
3. default `medium` size

> This keeps addon content visually aligned with the surrounding InputContainer in composed form-field components,

Reviewer: I know it's a little late, but shouldn't we be using [_add-on_](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/add-on#:~:text=See%20more%20results%20%C2%BB-,add%2Don,-noun%20%5B%20C) instead?

https://linguix.com/english/common-mistake/the_add_on

Author: too late

Author: open long topic, if you want

while standalone usage can still set size explicitly.
Nested `Icon` and `ControlButton` components use the resolved InputAddon size by default, so explicit `boxSize` or `size`

> props are usually unnecessary when the addon is inside a form field.

Reviewer: ?

```suggestion

ℹ️ Nested `Icon` and `ControlButton` components use the resolved InputAddon size by default, so explicit `boxSize` on the `Icon` or `size` on the `ControlButton` are usually unnecessary when the addon is inside a form field.
```

Author: ```suggestion

ℹ️ Nested `Icon` and `ControlButton` components use the resolved InputAddon size by default, so explicit `boxSize` of the `Icon` or `size` of the `ControlButton` is usually unnecessary when the addon is inside a form field.
```

## API

| Name          | Type                               | Default  | Required | Description                                                                                        |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------- | -------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `children`    | `ReactNode`                        | —        | ✕        | Addon content (commonly a control button)                                                          |
| `elementType` | `ElementType`                      | `div`    | ✕        | Element used as the addon wrapper                                                                  |
| `htmlFor`     | `string`                           | —        | ✕        | Same as [label `htmlFor`][mdn-label-htmlfor]: sibling control `id`; use with `elementType="label"` |

> | `size`        | [Size dictionary][dictionary-size] | `medium` | ✕        | Size modifier; overrides context when provided                                                     |

Reviewer: ?

```suggestion
| `size`        | [Size dictionary][dictionary-size] | `medium` | ✕        | Size of the addon content; overrides context when provided                                                     |
```
